Update Generic Webhook and TAXIIServer for EDL (#29356)
demisto/content: Packs/TAXIIServer/Integrations/TAXIIServer/README.md

- `http://*demisto_address*:*listen_port*/taxii-discovery-service`

(For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) Use one of the following options:
- `https://ext-<cortex-xsiam-address>/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/`
- `http://demisto_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/`

## Access the TAXII Service by Instance Name
To access the TAXII service by instance name, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled. 

1. In Cortex XSOAR, go to **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.
2. (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the ***instance.execute.external*** key is set to *true*. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the *instance.execute.external* and set the value to *true*.
3. You can now trigger the webhook URL:
   - For Cortex XSOAR 6.x: `<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`. For example, https://my.demisto.live/instance/execute/taxiiserver. Note that the string instance does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

>    - For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM: <ext-<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>. For example, https://ext-dev-tertius.crtx.us.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/taxiiserver1. Note that the string instance does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

Author: ```suggestion
   -  (For Cortex XSOAR 8) go to `https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
   - (For Cortex XSIAM) go to `https://ext-<XSIAM-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
```
